Region Encounter Numbers/Gens/Regions

From the second you click New Game, The Wild Adjuster comes as part of your Trainer Suite

0: Default Wild Encounters, the natural wildlife of the Beatha Region, consists of all 1025+ Pokemon across the region, as of Gen 9, pre Legends ZA

1: Kanto/Gen 1 Wild Encounters, use the Wild Adjuster Key Item to change the Region's Generation Encounter Version
2: Johto/Gen 2 Wild Encounters, use the Wild Adjuster Key Item to change the Region's Generation Encounter Version
3: Hoenn/Gen 3 Wild Encounters, use the Wild Adjuster Key Item to change the Region's Generation Encounter Version

4: Sinnoh/Gen 4 Wild Encounters, use the Wild Adjuster Key Item to change the Region's Generation Encounter Version
5: Unova/Gen 5 Wild Encounters, use the Wild Adjuster Key Item to change the Region's Generation Encounter Version
6: Kalos/Gen 6 Wild Encounters, use the Wild Adjuster Key Item to change the Region's Generation Encounter Version

7: Alola/Gen 7 Wild Encounters, use the Wild Adjuster Key Item to change the Region's Generation Encounter Version
8: Galar/Gen 8 Wild Encounters, use the Wild Adjuster Key Item to change the Region's Generation Encounter Version
9: Paldea/Gen 9 Wild Encounters, use the Wild Adjuster Key Item to change the Region's Generation Encounter Version

Every non Legendary Pokemon can be encountered in the wild.
All Legendary Pokemon can be obtained via rewards from quests.

All Regional, multiple and obscure Forms/Formes can be obtained via the Form Trader in any Pokemon Center.
This includes Cosplay Pikachu, Spikey Eared Pichu, Shadow Lugia, Vivillon's Patterns, and Eternal Flower Floette.
Traded Pokemon do not gain bonus experience. Traded Pokemon obey you at any level.

The Level Scaling system auto evolves all wild 541 Pokemon with Evolution Lines, upon reaching either Lvl.31 (Two Stage Evoltions) or Lvl.50 (Three stage Evoltions)
In the Pokedex, use the Obscure Evoltions Page to know what Pokemon is not able to conform to the following, and only accetable evolution methods:

1. Level Up
2. Evolution Stone
3. Atk > Def 
4. Atk < Def 
5. Atk == Def
6. Poke Ball in bag and space in party
7. Level Up as a Specfic Gender

The offical evolution methods not listed here have been replaced with the above.
Novelty Evoltions do not make something unique. All they do is bloat Pokemon's scope,
contribute to it's issues with carrying it's baggage, and just result in people
breaking out of their immersion to go Google any Pokemon who is even slighty obscure in how they evolve.

The Reset Candy can be used to obtain any Pokemon, at any level.
The Exp Charm can toggle on and off a 1000% Exp Boost (a 10x exp Multiplier)
The Level Candies exist for the benefit of the playing the game at whatever pace you want.
Anti Grind Trainers at any Pokemon Centers have auto battles with Memento Blissey's.
Blissey and Mega Audino's Exp Yields is 1000 in Pokemon Decades. Chansey and Audino has Blissey's offical Exp Yields (635), Happiny has Chansey's Exp Yields (395). 

The Safari Zone can generate 1 of any Pokemon. It exists to be the ultimate failsafe, to ensure all 1025+ Pokemon are obtainable.
The Beatha Region has 71 non Mystery Zone locations for obtaining Pokemon. This means Nuzlockes can make up to 11 full teams of 6 Pokemon.
Pokemon Decades is not, and will not be designed around Nuzlockes. But nothing's stopping you from giving it a try.

Mystery Zones can be accessed via the No Clip Disk Toggle. 
To reach an area's Mystery Zone, walk beyond the far edge of a map's horizontal or vertical direction, that is outside the boundary of where player not using the No Clip Disk, cannot go. 
Mystery Zones exist to expand Nuzlocke Encounters and to expand what is native to the Beatha Region's wildlife. 

The Level Scaling System, Reset Candy and Ultimate Move Tutor, means Pokemon Breeding does not exist in Pokemon Decades.
And good riddance to that dog shit waste of time.

Shininess can be applied to any Pokemon with the Shiny and Super Glitter Key Items.
If I could, I would make wild Shiny Pokemon be a 0% chance. But the odds for Pokemon Decades are 1600 : 800, or a 33% chance, no Shiny Charm needed (The offical game's chances as of Gen 9 are 1 : 4096, or a 0.0244%, and become 1 : 1024, or a 0.0977% with the Shiny Charm)
Go ahead and waste your life gambling for color palettes, if the existance of these Key Items is somehow an issue to you.
Anyone who attempts to justify 0.0244% to 0.0977% odds are the same people with gambling/gatcha addictions. 