Oversights

With the Pokedex, you have to choose Metagame Wikidex,
in order to search the Wild Location of a Pokemon in Beatha.

This is a result of how the Pokedex in Essentials interacts with the Map Metadata.
And I encountered errors attempting to make every Pokedex entry have Wild Location Map Data.

Bugs

When a Pokémon access the Gen 9 Move Relearner System, it's Ability resets to the Regular Ability. (Index 0)
When a Pokémon uses Dynamax in battle, it's Ability resets to it's Natural Ability. (Index 0)

When registering a Pokemon to search in the dexnav, the Dexnav saves the current level of the Pokemon registered.
This means it's level is set upon being registered. To reset the level, stop using the dexnav and encounter a wild Pokemon naturally.

When a Dynamax Inhibitor is used, a Pokemon's EV's go back to 0.
If this annoys you, you can apply the Disable EV's/IV's setting in the Options Menu.

At Lvl.100, with Story Mode Showdown Mode, the final boss might be at Lvl.98, when they are intended to be Lv.100.
To fix this minor problem, go to Battle Paradise, set the Battle Mode Showdown Mode to Lvl.100, and set the Level Scale to Battle Mode Showdown Mode.

Crashes

When using the PSS Boxes, do not stay in them for longer than 5 minutes.
An unknown memory leak causes the game to eventually crash after 5 to 10 minutes 
of being idle in the PC Storage boxes. 

Make sure to save before using the PSS Boxes, and after sorting 5 to 10 boxes, in less
than 5 minutes.

Closing and opening the PSS Storage Boxes resets the memory leak.

15th February 2026

Via updates to the DBK Plugins, version 1.3 of DBK, 
and every add-on compatible with DBK 1.3.
The PSS Box crashing issue should be fixed.

I ended up making last minute plugin updates,
as I waited for a response from the Eevee Expo Form Staff,
on my question related to making sure the Intended Soundtrack
isn't using music I don't have permission to use.

I am aware of the fact it's the fangame creator's responsiblity 
to not break Eevee Expo/Poke Community's rules of not using 
non public no premissions granted assets. But I still needed 
a second opinion, to make sure nothing was used without permission
by accident. 

16th February 2026

I was able to get around to compressing the Audio Folder during the downtime.
This reduced Decades's file size from 2.28 GB to 1.08 GB, at the cost of Audio quality.